README.md, before:

# The Aurora Armada   

## Overview

In the deep abyss of space, there appear hordes of enemy spaceships coming to control your planet. You were sent out to defeat these invaders all by your lonesome. Customize your spaceship to best handle the waves of enemies before you and save the day.   

## Proposed Features

- The user would be given control of a small spaceship that shoots forward, with freedom of movement in two dimensions.    
- Gameplay would consist of the user selecting a level (with only level 1 being available at the start) and fighting the wave of enemy spaceships that correspond to that level. The user would complete the level upon all enemy spaceships being destroyed, and the user would lose the level upon their spaceship being destroyed. Upon a level being completed, the user would unlock the next level.   
- There will be a large number of different enemy spaceships that each have different behaviors (eg. lining up with the user’s spaceship and shooting downwards, moving toward the user’s spaceship).   
- The ship would also be customizable in various ways, with the user being able to select different engines/weapons that affect the user’s movement speed/shooting. The user can change their loadout before the start of each level.   

 
## Stakeholders and Intended Users   

- The intended users for this project are individuals who are looking to casually play a game inspired by Space Invaders and Galaga. Some familiarity with simple video game control schemes (etc. arrow keys, WASD) is expected, but other than that anyone should be able to pick the project up for a fun gaming experience.    
- Some stakeholders for this project are us (the developers whose grades are based on the quality of the project), the TA and the professor for this class (the people who will be playing this project and who will be grading it), and anyone who plays the game.
  
## Prerequisites 
- pyGame 2.5.2
- Python 3.11.5 or higher
  
See https://www.pygame.org/wiki/GettingStarted and https://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide/Download for detailed help with installation. Note that installation instructions will differ depending on the operating system of your device.

## How To Use

To run the game, simply download the directory as a .zip, unzip it, and run main.py **from the main directory** through a terminal command such as 

```bash
python3 main.py
```

or

```bash
py -3 main.py
```

Note: the directory should appear similar to this at the end:
(...\Downloads\The-Aurora-Armada-main OR ...\Downloads\The-Aurora-Armada-main\The-Aurora-Armada-main)
depending on how you unzipped.

Additionally, note that the player ship is unable to move too far vertically past a certain point (the only thing for which
no visual indicator is provided).

## For the Future
- Additional Features:
    - Audio (Background Music, SFX)
    - More Enemy Types / Bosses, More Levels
    - New Weapon Types with Different Behavior (eg. ping-pong bullets, bullets affected by the ship’s movement, etc.)

Commit message:

updated README.md to mention invincibility frames

README.md, after:

# The Aurora Armada   

## Overview

In the deep abyss of space, there appear hordes of enemy spaceships coming to control your planet. You were sent out to defeat these invaders all by your lonesome. Customize your spaceship to best handle the waves of enemies before you and save the day.   

## Proposed Features

- The user would be given control of a small spaceship that shoots forward, with freedom of movement in two dimensions.    
- Gameplay would consist of the user selecting a level (with only level 1 being available at the start) and fighting the wave of enemy spaceships that correspond to that level. The user would complete the level upon all enemy spaceships being destroyed, and the user would lose the level upon their spaceship being destroyed. Upon a level being completed, the user would unlock the next level.   
- There will be a large number of different enemy spaceships that each have different behaviors (eg. lining up with the user’s spaceship and shooting downwards, moving toward the user’s spaceship).   
- The ship would also be customizable in various ways, with the user being able to select different engines/weapons that affect the user’s movement speed/shooting. The user can change their loadout before the start of each level.   

 
## Stakeholders and Intended Users   

- The intended users for this project are individuals who are looking to casually play a game inspired by Space Invaders and Galaga. Some familiarity with simple video game control schemes (etc. arrow keys, WASD) is expected, but other than that anyone should be able to pick the project up for a fun gaming experience.    
- Some stakeholders for this project are us (the developers whose grades are based on the quality of the project), the TA and the professor for this class (the people who will be playing this project and who will be grading it), and anyone who plays the game.
  
## Prerequisites 
- pyGame 2.5.2
- Python 3.11.5 or higher
  
See https://www.pygame.org/wiki/GettingStarted and https://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide/Download for detailed help with installation. Note that installation instructions will differ depending on the operating system of your device.

## How To Use

To run the game, simply download the directory as a .zip, unzip it, and run main.py **from the main directory** through a terminal command such as 

```bash
python3 main.py
```

or

```bash
py -3 main.py
```

Note: the directory should appear similar to this at the end:
(...\Downloads\The-Aurora-Armada-main OR ...\Downloads\The-Aurora-Armada-main\The-Aurora-Armada-main)
depending on how you unzipped.

Additionally, note that the player ship has invincibility frames and is unable to move too far vertically
past a certain point (the only things for which no visual indicator is provided).

## For the Future
- Additional Features:
    - Audio (Background Music, SFX)
    - More Enemy Types / Bosses, More Levels
    - New Weapon Types with Different Behavior (eg. ping-pong bullets, bullets affected by the ship’s movement, etc.)
